This is the instruction file for participants ... 

Game Summary: please state what the game is in one sentence for participants

The idea is basically a PVP google maps race game.

So basically people are split into two groups.

Each group has a particular set of pictures taken off google map's street view.

Now they are supposed to find the address of where this street view was taken from.

First to get all the answers wins.


1) Grouping instructions (please state how members will group themselves)

Split the existing group exactly two groups.

any imbalance in team members, then the extra person will help to facilitate 
the game, by judging, reading instructions etc.

2) Web Resources and other materials... (please state how zoom, electronic devices or other websites are used)

google maps, zoom with breakout room
google slides

3) Physical materials (please state what physical materials participants need to get ready

laptop, phone etc.

4) Game instructions (please state steps for the game)

Phase 1:

Name a country with region and city. 

Once decided, everyone will go on google maps and find a place of an interesting place or picture. 

Can be a tourist attraction or shop. Try not to use residential areas
or random roads.

(if tiebreaker is needed, this will be one of the ways to break ties, 

additionally,
random roads and random residential areas
 will add a time penalty of 15 mins per random road (outside cities)
else there will be a score penalty of 2 per random road outside cities

)

Note the address of the location and take a screenshot WITHOUT the address.

Phase 2:

Now players will be split into two groups. By ballot, birthday or
even just splitting screen in half.
if there is an extra person, then the extra person will help in facilitating the game. 

By reading the instructions

Roughly equal is okay. (try to have at least 5 ppl per group)

In each group two slides will be developed.
Players will then use the pictures and locations they found for the slides.

a) the question slides with pictures only, to send to the opposing team 
so that they can figure out the address

b) the answer slides with the picture AND answers, to check for the answers
at the end of the game



Once finished, phase 2 ends.

Phase 3:

Firstly, each team will give BOTH question and answer slides to the 
facilitator or judging panel.

Now players will exchange questions slides.
5 minutes will be given. (longer if long games are desired)
Time will start upon breaking into breakout rooms.

Each team must then see the pictures in the question slides
and race against time.

At the end of 5 mins, phase 3 is complete.

If any disconnects happen TOO BAD.

for long games, play until all answers are found. then take time limit.

Phase 4:

Now the judges will check the answers of each team, and tally it up with the 
answer slide.

1 correct answer will result in 1 correct score.
If the address given is close, any address within 25m (measured on google maps)
will suffice.

Once this is finished, apply the penalties given random road areas were given.
-2 score per random road.

if playing such that you want to find all locations of the picture (long game)
then 15 minute penalty per random road.

Team with highest score (short game - ie 5 min timing) wins!

For long games, ie u wanna find all the spots
Team with all answers correct first wins. If all answers are correct 
for both teams, then team with shortest time wins



5) Time Requirement (ice breakers tend to be time sensitive, so state roughly how long the game will take)

Instructions(phase 1): 5-10 mins
Fashioning the Race (phase 2): 3-5 mins
Racing (Phase 3): 5-7 mins (long game ~40mins?)
Scoring (phase 4): 5-10 mins

Total:
~20 mins for short game
~1 hr for long game

numbers also depend on how many people playing. more people means more time needed.
The extra time is needed to score the answers and etc. 



Last Step: Contingency Plan... (what if something goes wrong, wet weather etc)
Reviews: After playing a round of games, how did the game go and what changes do we need to make
