This is the instruction file for participants ... 

Game Summary: please state what the game is in one sentence for participants

1) Grouping instructions (please state how members will group themselves)

Gather into five groups. Ideally each group will have two to five people.

If there are less people, two to three groups is okay, but the game will be truncated


2) Web Resources and other materials... (please state how zoom, electronic devices or other websites are used)

Have google and screenshare on zoom ready

If playing in person, must show on a screen for everyone to see

3) Physical materials (please state what physical materials participants need to get ready

laptop/phone if zooming

screen if playing in person

4) Game instructions (please state steps for the game)

the objective of this game is basically storyboarding.

You are to come up with an original story using prompters and pictures.

Three prompters will be given which show major plotpoints in the story.
(prompters will be given in the question paper)

There will also be a prologue so to speak, so that you all have a common introduction...

Seven pictures are to be used in total. They are up to you to google.

You will be given 10 minutes to prepare your story in power point form.

After that, each team will present their stories.

Then, if there are three or more teams, voting will begin. 
Where each team collectively will vote for their favourite stories.
Or better still, which story grips you the most?

Each team can only vote for other teams. Self voting won't be counted 
even if you think you are the best!

 

5) Time Requirement (ice breakers tend to be time sensitive, so state roughly how long the game will take)

instructions: 10 minutes

preparation: 10 minutes

storytime: 7 mins x 5 (or no. of teams)

voting: 3 minutes x 5 (or no. of teams here)



Last Step: Contingency Plan... (what if something goes wrong, wet weather etc)

IDK haha... we'll see if things go wrong. For starters, just wing it.


Reviews: After playing a round of games, how did the game go and what changes do we need to make
