This is the instruction file for participants ... 

Game Summary: please state what the game is in one sentence for participants


is basically a self introduction game. What do you want to do?
But with a twist or two,

you cannot repeat previous answers, or be too similar (up to group to define what "too similar" is)

and you have a time limit

For shorter games, another twist! you'll see it later

1) Grouping instructions (please state how members will group themselves)

individual game

2) Web Resources and other materials... (please state how zoom, electronic devices or other websites are used)

zoom, or meet physically

3) Physical materials (please state what physical materials participants need to get ready

nil-

4) Game instructions (please state steps for the game)

in our group, each person shares what they would like to do. Try to be truthful

however, no other person can repeat the answer that the last person uses, or be too similar


each person has 3 seconds to answer

And after which, the person must pick another one to answer.

failing to provide answers within 3 seconds, the person will be eliminated

repeat until last man/woman standing
(note: this way of playing takes more than 10 mins)



SPECIAL EDITION: BOMB DEFUSAL

play like before, except this!

There will be a 60 second timer.

And the person who is answering "i want to" is carrying a "bomb"

And he/she must call out the name of the next person to pass the "bomb" to the other person

by the end of 60s, the "bomb" "explodes", eliminating the present person answering plus the last two people who were answering.

The second way the bomb "explodes" and eliminates people (along with the two extra ppl) is if incorrect answers are given.

However, if everyone in the team manages to answer the "i want to" successfully,
within 60s then the bomb doesn't explode.

This is one round. 

For round two, the timer is reduced to 40s

repeat. 

For round three, the timer is reduced to 30s.

repeat.

Now, if the bomb "explodes" four times, everybody loses.
(integrity yea, cheating means the bomb automatically explodes once, but of course, you can pick out one person to be a judge, so that we can verify the answers are correct)

If you survive all three rounds without the bomb exploding
four or more times, the bomb has been defused. Everybody wins! 
except those who got eliminated of course




5) Time Requirement (ice breakers tend to be time sensitive, so state roughly how long the game will take)

May take 10-15 mins depending on game mode. 

Last Step: Contingency Plan... (what if something goes wrong, wet weather etc)
Reviews: After playing a round of games, how did the game go and what changes do we need to make
