This is the instruction file for participants ... 

<h1> Game Summary: please state what the game is in one sentence for participants </h1>

you are a black hole, and so are your team-mates.

You and your team are to clock up the maximum aggregate score in the game hole.io.

Score will only be counted if screenshots with recogniseable names are sent in.

1) Grouping instructions (please state how members will group themselves)


randomly group into two or three groups. Groups of four or five will be biggest.

2) Web Resources and other materials... (please state how zoom, electronic devices or other websites are used)


https://iogames.space/hole-io

use zoom as well...


so you'll need a laptop open for zoom, and one other window on the laptop open for hole.io

you will also need a messenging app with which to send screenshots

3) Physical materials (please state what physical materials participants need to get ready

just get a laptop which is zoom capable and browser capable for io games

also get a phone with which to capture screenshots so you can see your score.





4) Game instructions (please state steps for the game)


a) everyone get into the browser and stand

b) get into groups of 2-5, as long as you can get into two or more groups as a whole.

c) game master will screenshare a game of hole.io for group to see, make sure to send in screenshot 

d) type in your username or use your real name in the chat window 


e) log on to hole.io, or search it in google, 

f) you and your team have 5 minutes, (to play approximately 2 rounds) 

g) when you finish your round, send your screenshot to the group chat (whatsapp), email or gdoc.

h) note that scores are aggregate, you will need to communicate what is the best strategy for winning. 


5) Time Requirement (ice breakers tend to be time sensitive, so state roughly how long the game will take)


Total: ~12 minutes max


4 minutes for instructions and demo

7 minutes for game and score counting

1 minute buffer

Last Step: Contingency Plan... (what if something goes wrong, wet weather etc)
Reviews: After playing a round of games, how did the game go and what changes do we need to make
